com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/result/ResultViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultViewModel
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultViewModel$1
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/mappers/VizResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.mappers.VizResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/mappers/UsUniformedServicesResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.mappers.UsUniformedServicesResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/result/ResultEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultEntry
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultEntry$1
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/data/IdCaptureRepository.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.data.IdCaptureRepository
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.data.IdCaptureRepository$1
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/result/ResultUiState.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultUiState
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultUiState$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultUiState$Builder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/scan/AskScanBackSide.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.AskScanBackSide
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.MainActivity
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/scan/ScanUiState.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.ScanUiState
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.ScanUiState$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.ScanUiState$Builder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/mappers/ColombiaIdResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.mappers.ColombiaIdResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/mappers/SouthAfricaIdResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.mappers.SouthAfricaIdResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/result/ResultList.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ItemCallback
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultListAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultListViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/data/CapturedDataType.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.data.CapturedDataType
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/scan/GoToIdNotSupported.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.GoToIdNotSupported
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/BuildConfig.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.BuildConfig
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/scan/GoToResult.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.GoToResult
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/data/CameraRepository.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.data.CameraRepository
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/scan/ScanViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.ScanViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/data/DataCaptureContextProvider.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.data.DataCaptureContextProvider
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/mappers/MrzResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.mappers.MrzResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/mappers/SouthAfricaDlResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.mappers.SouthAfricaDlResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/di/Injector.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.di.Injector
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/util/AlertDialogFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.util.AlertDialogFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.util.AlertDialogFragment$Callbacks
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/mappers/ResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.mappers.ResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/mappers/AamvaResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.mappers.AamvaResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/result/ResultFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.result.ResultFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/scan/ScanFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.ScanFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/scan/AskScanBackSideDialogFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.AskScanBackSideDialogFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.scan.AskScanBackSideDialogFragment$Callbacks
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/mappers/ArgentinaIdResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.mappers.ArgentinaIdResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcaptureextendedsample/ui/Event.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcaptureextendedsample.ui.Event
