com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/BuildConfig.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.BuildConfig
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/selection/autodetection/AutoDetectionSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.autodetection.AutoDetectionSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/StyledPreferenceCategory.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.StyledPreferenceCategory
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/DataCaptureDefaults.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.DataCaptureDefaults
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/view/pointofinterest/ViewPointOfInterestSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.view.pointofinterest.ViewPointOfInterestSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/CameraPermissionActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.CameraPermissionActivity
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/selection/feedback/FeedbackSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.feedback.FeedbackSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/BasePreferenceFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.BasePreferenceFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/ScanAreaSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.ScanAreaSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/StyledSwitchPreference.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.StyledSwitchPreference
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/StyledSeekBarPreference.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.StyledSeekBarPreference
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/SettingsManager.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.SettingsManager
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/view/overlay/OverlaySettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlaySettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlaySettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlaySettingsFragment$BrushStyle
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/StyledNumericEditTextPreference.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.StyledNumericEditTextPreference
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.StyledNumericEditTextPreference$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/selection/BarcodeSelectionSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.BarcodeSelectionSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/FloatWithUnitPreferenceFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.FloatWithUnitPreferenceFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/StyledListPreference.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.StyledListPreference
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/SettingsActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.SettingsActivity
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.SettingsActivity$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.SettingsActivity$2
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/StyledCheckboxPreference.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.StyledCheckboxPreference
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/view/ViewSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.view.ViewSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/selection/pointofinterest/PointOfInterestSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.pointofinterest.PointOfInterestSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/selection/duplicatefilter/DuplicateFilterSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.duplicatefilter.DuplicateFilterSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/SharedPrefsConstants.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.SharedPrefsConstants
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/selection/symbologies/details/SymbologyDetailSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.symbologies.details.SymbologyDetailSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.symbologies.details.SymbologyDetailSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.symbologies.details.SymbologyDetailSettingsFragment$2
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/camera/CameraSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/overview/OverviewSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.overview.OverviewSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/selection/type/SelectionTypeSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.type.SelectionTypeSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.type.SelectionTypeSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.type.SelectionTypeSettingsFragment$SelectionStrategy
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.type.SelectionTypeSettingsFragment$SelectionType
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/selection/symbologies/SymbologyPreference.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.symbologies.SymbologyPreference
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/overview/DataCaptureVersionPreference.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.overview.DataCaptureVersionPreference
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/FloatWithUnitPreference.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.FloatWithUnitPreference
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.FloatWithUnitPreference$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/DataCaptureManager.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.DataCaptureManager
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.DataCaptureManager$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/BarcodeScanActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.BarcodeScanActivity
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.BarcodeScanActivity$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/selection/symbologies/SymbologiesSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.selection.symbologies.SymbologiesSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/ViewfinderSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$ViewfinderColor
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodeselectionsettingssample/settings/common/StyledPreference.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodeselectionsettingssample.settings.common.StyledPreference
