com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/util/EmptyTextWatcher.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.util.EmptyTextWatcher
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/util/LocalDatePickerDialogFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.util.LocalDatePickerDialogFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.util.LocalDatePickerDialogFragment$OnDateSetListener
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/DriverLicenseSide.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.DriverLicenseSide
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/data/CameraRepository.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.data.CameraRepository
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/GoToIdLocalizedButNotCaptured.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.GoToIdLocalizedButNotCaptured
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/manualentry/GoToDateOfExpiryPicker.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.GoToDateOfExpiryPicker
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/GoToVerificationSuccess.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.GoToVerificationSuccess
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/EnterManuallyHintStatus.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.EnterManuallyHintStatus
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/manualentry/ManualEntryViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.ManualEntryViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/util/EmptyOnTabSelectedListener.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.util.EmptyOnTabSelectedListener
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/data/DataCaptureContextProvider.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.data.DataCaptureContextProvider
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/VerificationFailureReason.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.VerificationFailureReason
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/DocumentData.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.DocumentData
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/BarcodeNotSupportedDialogFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.BarcodeNotSupportedDialogFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/BuildConfig.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.BuildConfig
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/manualentry/GoToVerificationResult.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.GoToVerificationResult
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.MainActivity
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/IdLocalizedButNotCapturedDialogFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.IdLocalizedButNotCapturedDialogFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/manualentry/GoToDateOfBirthPicker.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.GoToDateOfBirthPicker
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/ScanFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanFragment$OnTargetDocumentChangedListener
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/manualentry/ManualEntryUiState.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.ManualEntryUiState
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.ManualEntryUiState$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.ManualEntryUiState$Builder
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/Event.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.Event
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/GoToManualEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.GoToManualEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/GoToVerificationFailure.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.GoToVerificationFailure
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/TargetDocument.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.TargetDocument
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/GoToBarcodeNotSupported.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.GoToBarcodeNotSupported
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/di/Injector.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.di.Injector
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/ScanUiState.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanUiState
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanUiState$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanUiState$Builder
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/manualentry/ManualEntryDialogFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.ManualEntryDialogFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.ManualEntryDialogFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.manualentry.ManualEntryDialogFragment$FullNameWatcher
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/data/IdCaptureRepository.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.data.IdCaptureRepository
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/verificationresult/failure/VerificationFailureDialogFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.verificationresult.failure.VerificationFailureDialogFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.verificationresult.failure.VerificationFailureDialogFragment$1
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/ScanDriverLicenseVizHintStatus.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanDriverLicenseVizHintStatus
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/scan/ScanViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanViewModel
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanViewModel$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanViewModel$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanViewModel$3
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.scan.ScanViewModel$4
com/scandit/datacapture/ageverifieddeliverysample/ui/verificationresult/success/VerificationSuccessDialogFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.ageverifieddeliverysample.ui.verificationresult.success.VerificationSuccessDialogFragment
