com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/LaserlineDisabledColor.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.LaserlineDisabledColor
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/SettingsOverviewViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.SettingsOverviewViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/SettingsOverviewEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.SettingsOverviewEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/symbologies/SymbologySettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/feedback/FeedbackSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.feedback.FeedbackSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/LaserlineEnabledColor.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.LaserlineEnabledColor
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/compositetypes/type/CompositeTypeEntryA.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.type.CompositeTypeEntryA
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/locationtypes/LocationType.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.locationtypes.LocationType
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/SettingsOverviewFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.SettingsOverviewFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.SettingsOverviewFragment$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/symbologies/SymbologySettingsAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsAdapter$SymbologySettingsEntryDiff
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/BarcodeCaptureSettingsEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.BarcodeCaptureSettingsEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/CameraSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment$3
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment$4
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment$5
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment$6
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment$7
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/feedback/FeedbackSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.feedback.FeedbackSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.feedback.FeedbackSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.feedback.FeedbackSettingsFragment$2
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/BuildConfig.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.BuildConfig
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/utils/SizeSpecification.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.utils.SizeSpecification
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.utils.SizeSpecification$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/overlay/OverlayStyleEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlayStyleEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/ScanAreaSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.ScanAreaSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.ScanAreaSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.ScanAreaSettingsFragment$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.ScanAreaSettingsFragment$3
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.ScanAreaSettingsFragment$4
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.ScanAreaSettingsFragment$5
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/torchstate/type/TorchStateTypeOff.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.type.TorchStateTypeOff
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/BarcodeCaptureSettingsAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.BarcodeCaptureSettingsAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.BarcodeCaptureSettingsAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.BarcodeCaptureSettingsAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.BarcodeCaptureSettingsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/CameraSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/logo/offsety/OffsetYViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.offsety.OffsetYViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/torchstate/TorchStateSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.TorchStateSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/locationtypes/LocationTypeRadius.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.locationtypes.LocationTypeRadius
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/ScanAreaSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.ScanAreaSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/compositetypes/type/CompositeTypeEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.type.CompositeTypeEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/bottom/ScanAreaBottomMarginViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.bottom.ScanAreaBottomMarginViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/base/measureunit/MeasureUnitAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.measureunit.MeasureUnitAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.measureunit.MeasureUnitAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.measureunit.MeasureUnitAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.measureunit.MeasureUnitAdapter$MeasureUnitEntryDiff
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.measureunit.MeasureUnitAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/rectangleheight/ViewfinderRectangleHeightViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.rectangleheight.ViewfinderRectangleHeightViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/models/SettingsManager.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.models.SettingsManager
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.models.SettingsManager$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/controls/ControlsSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.controls.ControlsSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/torchstate/TorchStateTypeAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.TorchStateTypeAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.TorchStateTypeAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.TorchStateTypeAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.TorchStateTypeAdapter$TorchStateTypeEntryDiff
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.TorchStateTypeAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/logo/LogoSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/ViewfinderTypeNone.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeNone
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/compositetypes/type/CompositeTypeEntryB.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.type.CompositeTypeEntryB
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/rectangular/LocationRectangularHeightMeasureUnitViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.rectangular.LocationRectangularHeightMeasureUnitViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/pointofinterest/PointOfInterestSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.pointofinterest.PointOfInterestSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/gestures/GesturesSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.gestures.GesturesSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/compositetypes/CompositeTypesSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.CompositeTypesSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/rectangular/LocationRectangularHeightMeasureUnitFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.rectangular.LocationRectangularHeightMeasureUnitFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/overlay/OverlayStyleAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlayStyleAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlayStyleAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlayStyleAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlayStyleAdapter$OverlayStyleDiff
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlayStyleAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/torchstate/TorchStateSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.TorchStateSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/ViewfinderSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$10
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$11
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$12
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$13
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$14
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$15
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$16
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$17
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$18
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$19
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$20
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$21
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$22
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$23
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$24
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$25
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$26
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$27
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$28
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$29
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$3
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$30
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$31
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$4
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$5
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$6
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$7
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$8
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsFragment$9
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/utils/TwoTextsAndIconViewHolder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.utils.TwoTextsAndIconViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/top/ScanAreaTopMarginFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.top.ScanAreaTopMarginFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/symbologies/symbology/SpecificSymbologyViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SpecificSymbologyViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/symbologies/symbology/SpecificSymbologyFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SpecificSymbologyFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SpecificSymbologyFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SpecificSymbologyFragment$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SpecificSymbologyFragment$3
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SpecificSymbologyFragment$4
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SpecificSymbologyFragment$5
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SpecificSymbologyFragment$6
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/compositetypes/type/CompositeTypeEntryC.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.type.CompositeTypeEntryC
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/ViewfinderTypeViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/rectangular/LocationRectangularViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.rectangular.LocationRectangularViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/ViewSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.ViewSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.ViewSettingsFragment$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/rectangular/LocationRectangularWidthMeasureUnitViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.rectangular.LocationRectangularWidthMeasureUnitViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/gestures/GesturesSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.gestures.GesturesSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.gestures.GesturesSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.gestures.GesturesSettingsFragment$2
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/base/StringUtils.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.StringUtils
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/logo/offsetx/OffsetXViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.offsetx.OffsetXViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/torchstate/type/TorchStateType.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.type.TorchStateType
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/BarcodeCaptureSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.BarcodeCaptureSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/top/ScanAreaTopMarginViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.top.ScanAreaTopMarginViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/radius/LocationRadiusMeasureUnitViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.radius.LocationRadiusMeasureUnitViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/LocationSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/torchstate/type/TorchStateTypeOn.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.type.TorchStateTypeOn
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/LocationTypeAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationTypeAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationTypeAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationTypeAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationTypeAdapter$LocationTypeEntryDiff
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationTypeAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/scanning/CameraPermissionFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.scanning.CameraPermissionFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/rectanglewidth/ViewfinderRectangleWidthViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.rectanglewidth.ViewfinderRectangleWidthViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/MainActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.MainActivity
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.MainActivity$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.MainActivity$OnDoubleTapGestureDetector
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/controls/ControlsSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.controls.ControlsSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.controls.ControlsSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.controls.ControlsSettingsFragment$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.controls.ControlsSettingsFragment$3
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/base/measureunit/MeasureUnitFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.measureunit.MeasureUnitFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.measureunit.MeasureUnitFragment$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/overlay/BrushStyle.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.BrushStyle
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/CameraSettingsPositionEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsPositionEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/logo/LogoStyleEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoStyleEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/overlay/OverlaySettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlaySettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlaySettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlaySettingsFragment$2
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/pointofinterest/x/PointOfInterestXFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.pointofinterest.x.PointOfInterestXFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/laserlinewidth/ViewfinderLaserlineWidthViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.laserlinewidth.ViewfinderLaserlineWidthViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/logo/LogoSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoSettingsFragment$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoSettingsFragment$3
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoSettingsFragment$4
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/overlay/BrushStyleEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.BrushStyleEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/rectanglewidth/ViewfinderRectangleWidthMeasureFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.rectanglewidth.ViewfinderRectangleWidthMeasureFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/scanning/BarcodeScanViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.scanning.BarcodeScanViewModel
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.scanning.BarcodeScanViewModel$Listener
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/logo/offsety/OffsetYFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.offsety.OffsetYFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/base/TypedDiffUtilCallback.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.TypedDiffUtilCallback
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/compositetypes/CompositeTypesAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.CompositeTypesAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.CompositeTypesAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.CompositeTypesAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.CompositeTypesAdapter$CompositeTypeEntryDiff
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.CompositeTypesAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/left/ScanAreaLeftMarginFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.left.ScanAreaLeftMarginFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/ViewfinderType.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderType
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/ViewSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.ViewSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/ViewSettingsEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.ViewSettingsEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/duplicatefilter/CodeDuplicateFilterSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.duplicatefilter.CodeDuplicateFilterSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.duplicatefilter.CodeDuplicateFilterSettingsFragment$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/BarcodeCaptureSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.BarcodeCaptureSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.BarcodeCaptureSettingsFragment$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/pointofinterest/y/PointOfInterestYViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.pointofinterest.y.PointOfInterestYViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/symbologies/SymbologySettingsEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/ViewfinderTypeAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeAdapter$ViewfinderTypeDiff
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/laserlinewidth/ViewfinderLaserlineWidthMeasureFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.laserlinewidth.ViewfinderLaserlineWidthMeasureFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/symbologies/SymbologySettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.SymbologySettingsFragment$2
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/symbologies/symbology/SymbologyExtensionsAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SymbologyExtensionsAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SymbologyExtensionsAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SymbologyExtensionsAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SymbologyExtensionsAdapter$ExtensionsSettingsEntryDiff
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SymbologyExtensionsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/locationtypes/LocationTypeNone.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.locationtypes.LocationTypeNone
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/pointofinterest/x/PointOfInterestXViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.pointofinterest.x.PointOfInterestXViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/RectangularEnabledColor.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.RectangularEnabledColor
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/base/NavigationFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.NavigationFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/utils/SingleTextViewHolder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.utils.SingleTextViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/ViewfinderTypeRectangular.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeRectangular
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeRectangular$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/LocationSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsFragment$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsFragment$3
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsFragment$4
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsFragment$5
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsFragment$6
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsFragment$7
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.LocationSettingsFragment$8
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/resulthandling/ResultHandlingSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.resulthandling.ResultHandlingSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.resulthandling.ResultHandlingSettingsFragment$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/symbologies/symbology/SymbologyExtensionEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.symbologies.symbology.SymbologyExtensionEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/bottom/ScanAreaBottomMarginFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.bottom.ScanAreaBottomMarginFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/scanning/BarcodeScanFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.scanning.BarcodeScanFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.scanning.BarcodeScanFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.scanning.BarcodeScanFragment$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.scanning.BarcodeScanFragment$3
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.scanning.BarcodeScanFragment$4
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/compositetypes/CompositeTypesSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.compositetypes.CompositeTypesSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/rectangleheight/ViewfinderRectangleHeightMeasureFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.rectangleheight.ViewfinderRectangleHeightMeasureFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/ViewfinderTypeLaserline.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeLaserline
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/SettingsOverviewAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.SettingsOverviewAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.SettingsOverviewAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.SettingsOverviewAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.SettingsOverviewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/torchstate/type/TorchStateTypeAuto.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.torchstate.type.TorchStateTypeAuto
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/pointofinterest/y/PointOfInterestYFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.pointofinterest.y.PointOfInterestYFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/camera/CameraSettingsPositionAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsPositionAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsPositionAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsPositionAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsPositionAdapter$CameraSettingsPositionEntryDiff
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.camera.CameraSettingsPositionAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/resulthandling/ResultHandlingSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.resulthandling.ResultHandlingSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/right/ScanAreaRightMarginViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.right.ScanAreaRightMarginViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/ViewfinderTypeAimer.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeAimer
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeAimer$DotColor
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.ViewfinderTypeAimer$FrameColor
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/type/RectangularDisabledColor.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.type.RectangularDisabledColor
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/duplicatefilter/CodeDuplicateFilterSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.duplicatefilter.CodeDuplicateFilterSettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/right/ScanAreaRightMarginFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.right.ScanAreaRightMarginFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/radius/LocationRadiusMeasureUnitFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.radius.LocationRadiusMeasureUnitFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/logo/offsetx/OffsetXFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.offsetx.OffsetXFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/scanarea/left/ScanAreaLeftMarginViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.scanarea.left.ScanAreaLeftMarginViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/rectangular/LocationRectangularWidthMeasureUnitFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.rectangular.LocationRectangularWidthMeasureUnitFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/ViewSettingsAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.ViewSettingsAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.ViewSettingsAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.ViewSettingsAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.ViewSettingsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/pointofinterest/PointOfInterestSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.pointofinterest.PointOfInterestSettingsFragment
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.pointofinterest.PointOfInterestSettingsFragment$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.pointofinterest.PointOfInterestSettingsFragment$2
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/barcodecapture/location/locationtypes/LocationTypeRectangular.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.locationtypes.LocationTypeRectangular
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.barcodecapture.location.locationtypes.LocationTypeRectangular$1
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/logo/LogoStyleAdapter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoStyleAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoStyleAdapter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoStyleAdapter$Callback
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoStyleAdapter$LogoStyleDiff
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.logo.LogoStyleAdapter$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/base/measureunit/MeasureUnitEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.base.measureunit.MeasureUnitEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/overlay/OverlaySettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.overlay.OverlaySettingsViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/barcodecapturesettingssample/settings/view/viewfinder/ViewfinderSettingsViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.barcodecapturesettingssample.settings.view.viewfinder.ViewfinderSettingsViewModel
