com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/Mesh.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Mesh
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Mesh$PrimitiveMode
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/arcore/SpecularCubemapFilter.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.SpecularCubemapFilter
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.SpecularCubemapFilter$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.SpecularCubemapFilter$Chunk
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.SpecularCubemapFilter$ChunkIterable
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.SpecularCubemapFilter$ChunkIterable$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.SpecularCubemapFilter$ImportanceSampleCacheEntry
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/VertexBuffer.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.VertexBuffer
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/IndexBuffer.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.IndexBuffer
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/CameraPermissionActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.CameraPermissionActivity
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/Framebuffer.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Framebuffer
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/helpers/SnackbarHelper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.SnackbarHelper
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.SnackbarHelper$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.SnackbarHelper$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.SnackbarHelper$2$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.SnackbarHelper$2$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.SnackbarHelper$DismissBehavior
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/GpuBuffer.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.GpuBuffer
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/helloar/HelloArActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.helloar.HelloArActivity
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.helloar.HelloArActivity$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.helloar.HelloArActivity$2
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.helloar.HelloArActivity$3
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/arcore/PlaneRenderer.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.PlaneRenderer
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.PlaneRenderer$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.PlaneRenderer$SortablePlane
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/SampleRender.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.SampleRender
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.SampleRender$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.SampleRender$Renderer
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/Shader.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$BlendFactor
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$Uniform
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$Uniform1f
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$Uniform2f
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$Uniform3f
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$Uniform4f
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$UniformInt
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$UniformMatrix2f
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$UniformMatrix3f
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$UniformMatrix4f
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Shader$UniformTexture
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/helpers/DepthSettings.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.DepthSettings
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/helpers/TrackingStateHelper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.TrackingStateHelper
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.TrackingStateHelper$1
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/BuildConfig.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.BuildConfig
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/data/ScanResult.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.data.ScanResult
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/ResultsActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.ResultsActivity
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.ResultsActivity$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.ResultsActivity$ScanResultsAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.ResultsActivity$ViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/helpers/FullScreenHelper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.FullScreenHelper
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/helpers/DisplayRotationHelper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.DisplayRotationHelper
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/GLError.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.GLError
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/arcore/BackgroundRenderer.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.arcore.BackgroundRenderer
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/MatrixScanActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.MatrixScanActivity
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.MatrixScanActivity$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.MatrixScanActivity$2
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/helpers/InstantPlacementSettings.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.InstantPlacementSettings
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/helpers/TapHelper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.TapHelper
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.TapHelper$1
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/samplerender/Texture.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Texture
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Texture$ColorFormat
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Texture$Target
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.samplerender.Texture$WrapMode
com/scandit/datacapture/matrixscansimplesample/common/helpers/CameraPermissionHelper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.matrixscansimplesample.common.helpers.CameraPermissionHelper
