com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/data/IdCaptureRepository.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.data.IdCaptureRepository
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/result/ResultList.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ItemCallback
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ResultListAdapter
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ResultListViewHolder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/mappers/ColombiaIdBarcodeResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.ColombiaIdBarcodeResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/mappers/ArgentinaIdBarcodeResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.ArgentinaIdBarcodeResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/mappers/SouthAfricaDlBarcodeResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.SouthAfricaDlBarcodeResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/scan/ScanFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.scan.ScanFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/overview/OverviewSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.overview.OverviewSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/mappers/MrzResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.MrzResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/scan/ShowBackScanAvailableEvent.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.scan.ShowBackScanAvailableEvent
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/common/SectionPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.common.SectionPreferenceBuilder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/overview/OverviewPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.overview.OverviewPreferenceBuilder
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.overview.OverviewPreferenceBuilder$Listener
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/view/GesturesPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.view.GesturesPreferenceBuilder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/data/Keys.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.data.Keys
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/BrushStyle.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.BrushStyle
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/result/ResultEntry.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ResultEntry
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ResultEntry$1
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/result/ResultFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ResultFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/idcapture/IdCaptureSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.idcapture.IdCaptureSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/result/ResultSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.result.ResultSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/mappers/SouthAfricaIdBarcodeResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.SouthAfricaIdBarcodeResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/mappers/UsUniformedServiceBarcodeResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.UsUniformedServiceBarcodeResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/utils/BrushUtils.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.utils.BrushUtils
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/view/LogoPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.view.LogoPreferenceBuilder
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.view.LogoPreferenceBuilder$Listener
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/utils/StringUtils.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.utils.StringUtils
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/mappers/ResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.ResultMapper
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.ResultMapper$1
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/Event.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.Event
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/common/SettingsPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.common.SettingsPreferenceBuilder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/camera/CameraPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.camera.CameraPreferenceBuilder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/result/CaptureResult.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.CaptureResult
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.CaptureResult$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.CaptureResult$Entry
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/data/SettingsRepository.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.data.SettingsRepository
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.data.SettingsRepository$1
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/utils/EnumUtils.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.utils.EnumUtils
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/BuildConfig.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.BuildConfig
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/view/ControlsPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.view.ControlsPreferenceBuilder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/view/OverlayPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.view.OverlayPreferenceBuilder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/common/PreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.common.PreferenceBuilder
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.common.PreferenceBuilder$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.common.PreferenceBuilder$FloatWithUnitPreviewSummary
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.common.PreferenceBuilder$MultiSelectListPreferenceSummaryProvider
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.common.PreferenceBuilder$NumericEditTextSummaryProvider
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/utils/ShowHideViewTimer.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.utils.ShowHideViewTimer
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/result/ResultUiState.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ResultUiState
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ResultUiState$1
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ResultUiState$Builder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/scan/ShowCaptureResultEvent.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.scan.ShowCaptureResultEvent
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/mappers/VizResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.VizResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/result/ResultPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.result.ResultPreferenceBuilder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/data/DataCaptureViewRepository.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.data.DataCaptureViewRepository
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/idcapture/IdCapturePreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.idcapture.IdCapturePreferenceBuilder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/result/ResultViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.result.ResultViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/camera/CameraSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.camera.CameraSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/mappers/AamvaResultMapper.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.mappers.AamvaResultMapper
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.MainActivity
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/common/FloatWithUnitPreferenceBuilder.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.common.FloatWithUnitPreferenceBuilder
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/scan/ScanViewModel.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.scan.ScanViewModel
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/scan/ShowCaptureResultToastEvent.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.scan.ShowCaptureResultToastEvent
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/scan/ScanResult.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.scan.ScanResult
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/data/CameraRepository.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.data.CameraRepository
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/FloatWithUnitSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.FloatWithUnitSettingsFragment
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/di/Injector.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.di.Injector
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/data/Defaults.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.data.Defaults
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/data/DataCaptureContextProvider.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.data.DataCaptureContextProvider
com/scandit/datacapture/idcapturesettingssample/ui/settings/view/ViewSettingsFragment.java
 com.scandit.datacapture.idcapturesettingssample.ui.settings.view.ViewSettingsFragment
